#import <Foundation/Foundation.h>

//Make and 'object' for a person. Give them abilities. (Health, Name, 
Location/Movement //Look around them, ManaBar(Magicness), Hunting 
ability, Ailments, Self Defense, inventory //Ability to pick up and drop 
items, Ability to use items, Ability to Pick Items from //Inventory, 
sleeping) //Health(int), Location(pointer), Lokking around(Char*), 
Manabar(int), Hunting ability(?), //Ailment(Bool, can either be sick or 
not, ailment==True means that some number is subtracted //from health. 
Subtracted once? keeps subtracting? If so how often?), Defense(?), 
//inventory(class of its own? Object pointer? should the character have 
the ability //to drop and pick up items or should it be a function of 
the item itself? Same with //useing an item...), Sleeping(Bool? If 
Sleeping==True then something happens... Day //or Night switches to the 
other? Time passes? Health is recovered a bit?) //When reaching Cliffs 
or the Water they are able to decide whether to proceed or //stop. With 
the Cliffs if they preceed they will fall off and may or may not die 
depending //on how high the Cliff is. With the Water they can preceed 
until the water is above their //heads and they can stay their for a 
little while (maybe) before they die. //Character will be able to Hunt 
animals and there may be some sort of determination //on whether it goes 
successfully or not... Time of Day? Location? Animal population? 
//Random number generator? Certain Number are Successful others are 
not... If SuccessFul //Obtains Health(If Injured) and Furs for 
trading....? //Able to get Sick. Perhaps from food, weather, location... 
//Able to look around them and a scene will be described. Maybe even a 
picture will //be displyed in some locations... //Ability to Defend 
Themselves from attack? Effectiveness based on Location and Health. 
//Possibility of attack based on location. Magic Useage based on Health. 
//Ability to carry a certain amount of items. They will be able to pick 
items and then //be prompted about what to do with their items. ... item 
will have to disappear once //used...Unless reuseable...?? //May be able 
to Control certain weather conditions (Rain, Windy...) //Sleeping as a 
way to pass time? As a way to change Night to Day or Visa Versa? Can 
//Sleep anyway... Might not want to. Could get sick... //World will have 
Grass, trees, Bodies of Water, Cliffs, Other People, Animals, Weather 
//changes (Can rain, snow, be Sunny, Night/Day (On timer? 
Distance-based), Windy), //fruit and vegetable and other foods/drinks, 
Mountains, Buildings (Castles? Cottages? //Inns?, Markets?), Temperature 
(For weather?? (Makes Character Sick or not...)) using namespace std; 
class character {
    Char* name;
    int health;
    room* location;
    Char* lookAround;
    int manabar;
    bool ailment;
    bool sleeping;
    carryItem* inventory;
    //self-defense ?
    //hunting ?
}
class room {
    room* goEast;
    room* goWest;
    room* goSouth;
    room* goNorth;
    room* goDennis;
}
class carryItem {
    //use
    //pickup/add to inventory
    //drop
}
/*class environmentalItem {
    //Do I need this?
}*/
